---
layout: default
---

### Final Quiz #1 (Score: 42/50)
1. Question Two: According to the domain name system (DNS), which of the following is a subdomain of the domain example.com?
* Correct Answer is A: about.example.com because in the DNS hierarchy, a subdomain is a part of the main domain so the subdomain attaches at the beginning For example, if a domain offered an online store as part of their website example.com , it might use the subdomain shop.example.com.
2. Question Six: ASCII is a character-encoding scheme that uses a numeric value to represent each character. For example, the uppercase letter “G” is represented by the decimal (base 10) value 71. A partial list of characters and their corresponding ASCII values are shown in the table below. ASCII characters can also be represented by hexadecimal numbers. According to ASCII character encoding, which of the following letters is represented by the hexadecimal (base 16) number 56?
* Correct Answer is C: V. The first step is to convert 56 hexadecimal into a decimal number (5*16^1 + 6*16^0) which is 86. Looking at the chart, the letter V corresponds with 86 so this is the answer. 
3. Question Ten: A chain of retail stores uses software to manage telephone calls from customers. The system was recently upgraded. Customers interacted with the original system using their phone keypad. Customers interact with the upgraded system using their voice. The upgraded system (but not the original system) stores all information from the calling session in a database for future reference. This includes the customer’s telephone number and any information provided by the customer (name, address, order number, credit card number, etc.). The original system and the upgraded system are described in the following flowcharts. Each flowchart uses the following blocks. Which of the following is the most likely data privacy concern of the upgraded system?
* Correct Answer is A: Customers’ personal information could be compromised if an unauthorized individual gains access to the call session database. All information from the calling session (including personally identifiable information) is saved in a database. This information could be compromised if an unauthorized individual gains access to the database.
4. Question Eleven: A chain of retail stores uses software to manage telephone calls from customers. The system was recently upgraded. Customers interacted with the original system using their phone keypad. Customers interact with the upgraded system using their voice. The upgraded system (but not the original system) stores all information from the calling session in a database for future reference. This includes the customer’s telephone number and any information provided by the customer (name, address, order number, credit card number, etc.). The original system and the upgraded system are described in the following flowcharts. Each flowchart uses the following blocks. The upgraded system uses a directory containing additional information not supplied by the customer. The directory is used to help direct calls effectively. Which of the following is LEAST likely to be included in the directory?
* Correct Answer is C. A list of the company’s computers and their IP addresses is not needed to help direct calls.
5. Question Fourteen: An online store uses 6-bit binary sequences to identify each unique item for sale. The store plans to increase the number of items it sells and is considering using 7-bit binary sequences. Which of the following best describes the result of using 7-bit sequences instead of 6-bit sequences?
* Correct Answer is C. Using 6-bit binary sequences allows for 26 or 64 different items to be identified. Using 7-bit binary sequences allows for 27 or 128 different items to be identified. Thus there are two times as many items that can be uniquely identified.
6. Question Twenty-three: Which of the following has the greatest potential for compromising a user’s personal privacy?
* Correct Answer is A. The aggregation of information in browser cookies can be used by websites that the user visits to track the user and collect information about the user.
7. Question Fourty-five: A search engine has a trend-tracking feature that provides information on how popular a search term is. The data can be filtered by geographic region, date, and category. Categories include arts and entertainment, computers and electronics, games, news, people and society, shopping, sports, and travel. Which of the following questions is LEAST likely to be answerable using the trends feature?
* Correct Answer is C. The cost of a given product is not tracked by the described search engine.
8. Question Fourty-nine: An Internet service provider (ISP) is considering an update to its servers that would save copies of the Web pages most frequently visited by each user. Which of the following is LEAST likely to occur as a result of the update?
* Correct Answer is D. The actions of the ISP will only affect how frequently visited pages are loaded into Web browsers. Pages not saved by the ISP are still accessed as they were before.

### Final Quiz #2 (Score: 35/50)
1. Question Seven: Which of the following is an advantage of a lossless compression algorithm over a lossy compression algorithm?
* Correct Answer is B. Lossless compression algorithms are guaranteed to be able to reconstruct the original data, while lossy compression algorithms are not.
2. Question Eight: Which of the following is NOT an advantage of using open-source software?
* Correct Answer is C. Open-source software has source code that is released under a license that allows users the rights to use and distribute it. However, there is no guarantee that the original developer of open-source software will provide support for its users.
3. Question Ten: A programmer is developing a word game. The programmer wants to create an algorithm that will take a list of words and return a list containing the first letter of all words that are palindromes (words that read the same backward or forward). The returned list should be in alphabetical order. For example, if the list contains the words Open bracket, open quotation, banana, close quotation, open quotation, kayak, close quotation, open quotation, mom, close quotation, open quotation, apple, close quotation, open quotation, level, close quotation, close bracket, the returned list would contain Open bracket, open quotation, k, close quotation, open quotation, l, close quotation, open quotation, m, close quotation, close bracket(because Open quotation, kayak, close quotation, Open quotation, level, close quotation, and Open quotation, mom, close quotationare palindromes). The programmer knows that the following steps are necessary for the algorithm but is not sure in which order they should be executed. Executing which of the following sequences of steps will enable the algorithm to work as intended? I. First shorten, then keep palindromes, then sort II. First keep palindromes, then shorten, then sort III. First sort, then keep palindromes, then shorten.
* Correct Answer is D. Options II and III perform the steps in a correct order. In order to generate the desired list, the algorithm must perform the "shorten" step after the "keep palindromes" step, otherwise the "keep palindromes" step would not be able to determine whether the original word was a palindrome.
4. Question Fourteen: A file storage application allows users to save their files on cloud servers. A group of researchers gathered user data for the first eight years of the application’s existence. Some of the data are summarized in the following graphs. The line graph on the left shows the number of registered users each year. The line graph on the right shows the total amount of data stored by all users each year. The circle graph shows the distribution of file sizes currently stored by all users. Which of the following best describes the average amount of data stored per user for the first eight years of the application’s existence?
* Correct Answer is A. The two line graphs are roughly the same shape. Each value on the right line graph is about 10 times the corresponding value on the left line graph. Therefore, the average amount of data stored per user is about 10 GB.
5. Question Fifteen: A certain social media application is popular with people across the United States. The developers of the application are updating the algorithm used by the application to introduce a new feature that allows users of the application with similar interests to connect with one another. Which of the following strategies is LEAST likely to introduce bias into the application?
* Correct Answer is B. Testing the new algorithm on a random sample of users will help ensure that the data gathered are from a group that is representative of all users of the application. Gathering data and perspectives from a representative sample can help the developers avoid bias.
6. Question Nineteen: In the following procedure, assume that the parameter x is an integer. Which of the following best describes the behavior of the procedure?
* Correct Answer is C. When x is negative, y is assigned the value true and the value of y is displayed. When x is not negative, y is assigned the value false and the display statement is never executed.
7. Question Twenty-two: Internet protocol version 6 (IPv6) has been introduced to replace the previous version (IPv4). Which of the following best describes a benefit of IPv6 over IPv4?
* Correct Answer is B. IPv6 allows for a greater number of IP addresses than IPv4 does, which allows more devices to be connected.
8. Question Twenty-four: Which of the following best describes a direct benefit in using redundant routing on the Internet?
* Correct Answer is C. If a particular device or connection on the Internet fails, subsequent data will be sent via a different route, if possible. This is supported by redundancy in the network.
9. Question Twenty-five: Which of the following is most likely to be a benefit to users of the application?
* Correct Answer is C. The application can be used to connect users with other nearby users, which may encourage users to exercise together. This may have the effect of improving user health.
10. Question Thirty: A color in a computing application is represented by an RGB triplet that describes the amount of red, green, and blue, respectively, used to create the desired color. A selection of colors and their corresponding RGB triplets are shown in the following table. Each value is represented in decimal (base 10). What is the binary RGB triplet for the color indigo?
* Correct Answer is C. The decimal value 75 is equal to 64 + 8 + 2 + 1, which is equal to 26+23+21+20, which is equal to the binary number 01001011. The decimal value 0 is equal to the binary number 00000000. The decimal value 130 is equal to 128 + 2, which is equal to 27+21, which is equal to the binary number 10000010.
11. Question Thirty-three: A store employee wants to calculate the total amount of money the store will receive if they sell all of the available science fiction books. Which columns in the database can be ignored and still allow the employee to perform this calculation? Select two answers.
* Correct Answer is A and B. In order to perform the desired calculation, the selling price, the genre, and the quantity available are needed. The author is not needed. In order to perform the desired calculation, the selling price, the genre, and the quantity available are needed. The title is not needed.
12. Question Thirty-five: In a certain computer program, two positive integers are added together, resulting in an overflow error. Which of the following best explains why the error occurs?
* Correct Answer is C. Overflow errors occur when an arithmetic operation results in a value outside the range of numbers that can be represented by a fixed number of bits.
13. Question Thirty-nine: A student is creating a Web site that is intended to display information about a city based on a city name that a user enters in a text field. Which of the following are likely to be challenges associated with processing city names that users might provide as input? Select two answers.
* Correct Answer is B and C. Different users may abbreviate city names differently. This may require the student to clean the data to make it uniform before it can be processed. Misspelled city names will not be an exact match to information stored by the Web site. This may require the student to clean the data to make it uniform before it can be processed.
14. Question Forty-five: The teacher wants to determine whether students who play a sport are more or less likely to have higher grade point averages than students who do not play any sports. Which of the following pairs of spreadsheets can be combined and analyzed to determine the desired information?
* Correct Answer is A. The desired information can be determined by using the student IDs in spreadsheet II to identify the students who play a sport. Once the students who play a sport are identified, the grade point averages of students who play sports in spreadsheet I can be compared to the grade point averages of all other students in spreadsheet I.
15. Question Fifty: The teacher has data representing the scores of thousands of students. For each student, the data contain the student name, the midterm exam score, the final exam score, and the result of the total points calculation. Which of the following could be determined from the data? I. The average total points earned per student II. The average increase in total points per student as a result of the score replacement policy III. The proportion of students who improved their total points as a result of the score replacement policy.
* Correct Answer is D. The average total points earned per student can be determined using the result of the total points calculation for each student. The average increase in total points per student as a result of the score replacement policy can be determined by calculating the differences between each student score before and after the replacement policy was applied. The proportion of students who improved their total points as a result of the score replacement policy can be determined by comparing the midterm and final scores for each student with the result of the total points calculation.
